---
title: ' Carl's notes from the Vineyard Square HOA Board Meeting: Monday, February 4th, 2025, 6PM, Seymore Center'
date: 2015-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---
Vineyard Square HOA Board Meeting: Monday, February 4th, 2025
======
Originally posted to the list serve, vineyard-sq-neighborhood@googlegroups.com
------
Here are my quick notes from this evening's s HOA meeting. 

These are my personal notes I jotted down during the meeting. 

    Nine attended this evening's meeting-including Nick from the property management company
    Five homeowners attended
    Three Board Members: Tina, Jef and Carl
    Homeowner forum began at 6PM and ran through 6:25PM, when a quorum was called
    Topics during the forum included:
        Irrigation issues
        Tree re-planting to the area immediate south of Vineyard Square townhomes and the northern part of Stanat's Place
        Fire Sprinkler inspections
        Pest Control (green traps) and recent change with pest control vendors
    The Board followed the agenda distributed by property manager, Nick Ruden,  by email last week.
    Highlights:

    Election of Officers 
        Tina will continue to serve as Secretary
        Jef will serve as President
        Carl  will serve as Treasurer
        There are two vacant positions on the Board


    Upcoming meetings   (subject to change...confirmed details distributed closer in time)
    Next HOA Board working session:
        Tuesday, March 18th, 11:30AM
    Next HOA Meeting:
        Wednesday, April 23rd, 6PM

That's the summary,

Carl

213-999-1691

vineyardsquare@carlschuler.info

This is a sample blog post. Lorem ipsum I can't remember the rest of lorem ipsum and don't have an internet connection right now. Testing testing testing this blog post. Blog posts are cool.

Headings are cool


You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
