---
title: 'Annual Vineyard Square HOA Meeting, February 2025'
date: 2025-02-24
permalink: /posts/2025/02/blog-post-1/
#tags:
  #- cool posts
  #- category1
 # - category2
---


======
The annual Vineyard Square HOA meeting was held at the Chapel Hill Public Library on Wednesday, February 5th.  
-During the meeting no nominations were received.  Conerned about the possibility of reduced Board member positions (witnessed HOA action from a few years ago) I decided to self-nominate to the Board and those in attendance unanimuously approved the motion as the question was placed to the vote. 

During the discussion period, I presented myself to the attendees and furnished some details about my background.  I was originally nominated to the Vineyard Square HOA in 2005, and served on the Board through 2012. 
Returning to the Board, my position includes the following: 
1. To make my email address known to homeowners and residents: vineyarsquare@carlschuler.info.  To pledge a response within 48 hours of receipt of the mailing.
2. To review the ledger and monitor Association finances.  My plans include expenditures review as well as an assessment of Association reserves. Vineyard Square is now a twenty year old community. I want to ensure the Association has tthe means to cover Association expenses( both scheduled and Ad-Hoc).  has sizable expenseshis includes monitoring the reserve funds and reviewing Association investments and savings.
3. To that end, and based on Association's finances, I will not hesitate to motion for a dues increase to cover additional costs and to avoid the possibility of a levied special assessment


======
------
